BigData/BD_First/BD_First/README.md, before:

﻿# Weatherdata Big Data API
### Version: *1.0.0*
### Author: *Mads Søndergaard*
### Supervisor: *Christian Thygesen*
### Org: *EUC Syd*

---
## Functionality:
### Harvest data from DMI (Danish Meteorological Institute) for the region of Sorø, using WebAPI calls (Service/Controllers/WeatherModelsController.cs)
- /api/WeatherModels fetches a single snapshot dataset using current datetime
- /api/WeatherModels/{int} fetches a number of datasets equal to the number supplied in the URI, spaced 1 hour apart
- /api/WeatherModels/continuous fetches datasets continuously for as long as the program is running.

### Data is ingested into the IngestModel class, with minimal polishing of said data (Service/WeatherService.cs):
- int ID
- string Data (JSON)
- DateTime Date (the upper boundary of the hourly measurement returned, i.e. the latter of "1/1/2022 18:00 to 1/1/2022 19:00")
- bool UsingTimer (indicates whether the dataset was a snapshot or part of a series of datasets)
:exclamation: Note that the Data property remains fully intact; the Date property is only extracted at this stage to facilitate local recursive execution of the program.

### The resulting IngestModel objects are subsequently stored in a localised SQL database (Data/BD_FirstContext.cs).
---
## ToDo
- Add greater granular resolution of data, i.e. parse IngestModel objects to more useful WeatherModel objects (template for latter already exists, but tentatively).
- Add visualization of resulting aggregated and scrubbed data.
---
## Known issues:
- Spark implementation is currently incomplete, but is otherwise also unnecessary at the current stage. Code is thus present but commented out for the time being.

Commit message:

[IMP] Added example of Data Query Layer, aggregating datasets by Date property using LINQ

BigData/BD_First/BD_First/README.md, after:

﻿# Weatherdata Big Data API
### Version: *1.0.1*
### Author: *Mads Søndergaard*
### Supervisor: *Christian Thygesen*
### Org: *EUC Syd*

---
## Functionality:
### Harvest data from DMI (Danish Meteorological Institute) for the region of Sorø, using WebAPI calls (Service/Controllers/WeatherModelsController.cs)
- /api/WeatherModels fetches a single snapshot dataset using current datetime
- /api/WeatherModels/{int} fetches a number of datasets equal to the number supplied in the URI, spaced 1 hour apart
- /api/WeatherModels/continuous fetches datasets continuously for as long as the program is running.

### Data is ingested into the IngestModel class, with minimal polishing of said data (Service/WeatherService.cs):
- int ID
- string Data (JSON)
- DateTime Date (the upper boundary of the hourly measurement returned, i.e. the latter of "1/1/2022 18:00 to 1/1/2022 19:00")
- bool UsingTimer (indicates whether the dataset was a snapshot or part of a series of datasets)
:exclamation: Note that the Data property remains fully intact; the Date property is only extracted at this stage to facilitate local recursive execution of the program.

### The resulting IngestModel objects are subsequently stored in a localised SQL database (Data/BD_FirstContext.cs).
---
## ToDo
- Add greater granular resolution of data, i.e. parse IngestModel objects to more useful WeatherModel objects (template for latter already exists, but tentatively).
- Add visualization of resulting aggregated and scrubbed data.
---
## Known issues:
- Spark implementation is currently incomplete, but is otherwise also unnecessary at the current stage. Code is thus present but commented out for the time being.

---
---
## Changelog:
### 1.0.1.:
- Added example of Data Query Layer; simple extraction and aggregation of datasets based on Date property using LINQ.
